Title
Basic-beef-burger
Introduction
Indulge in the timeless satisfaction of a perfectly crafted Basic Beef Burger. This recipe combines premium Coles Finest Carbon Neutral
 Beef Mince with a blend of complementary ingredients, resulting in juicy and flavorful patties. Elevate your burger experience with 
this simple yet irresistible creation that's sure to become a family favorite

Ingredients
750g--Coles Finest Carbon Neutral Beef Mince
70g--(1 cup) fresh breadcrumbs, made from day-old bread
1 large--brown onion
1/4-- parsley
2--garlic cloves
1--egg
1tbsp--Worcestershire sauce
2 tsp--Tabasco sauce
2 tbsp--olive oil
150g--cheddar
6--hamburger buns
80ml (1/3 cup)--American mustard
6--lettuce leaves
450g (about 3 medium)--ripe tomatoes

Directions
Line a tray with baking paper. Place the beef mince, breadcrumbs, onion, parsley, garlic, egg, Worcestershire sauce and 
Tabasco sauce, if using, in large bowl. Use your hands to mix until just combined.
Divide the mixture into 6 equal portions. Shape each portion with your hands into a patty about: 10cm in diameter and 1.5cm thick
Place the patties on prepared tray. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for at least 30 minutes to rest.
Heat half the oil in a large non-stick frying pan over medium-low heat. Cook half the patties for about 4 minutes each side 
or until browned and cooked through. Transfer the patties to a plate. Set aside and cover to keep warm. Repeat with the 
remaining oil and patties.
Meanwhile, preheat the grill on high. Line a baking tray with foil. Place the hamburger buns, cut-side up, under the grill and 
toast for 1 minute or until golden. Leave the grill on. Place the patties on prepared tray. Top patties with cheddar. 
Place under the grill for 1 minute or until the cheddar is just melted
Spread the bottom halves of the toasted hamburger buns with the mustard, if using. Top with the lettuce, tomato and patties. 
Dollop with tomato sauce. Cover with the hamburger bun tops to serve.